bgpv1: Add `bgp/routes` API endpoint and `cilium bgp routes` CLI command (#27182)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/configuration/api-restrictions-table.rst

GetBGPPeers           Retrieves current operational state of BGP peers created by
                      Cilium BGP virtual router. This includes session state,
                      uptime, information per address family, etc.

> GetBGPRoutes          Retrieves routes from BGP Control Plane RIB filtered by
>                       specified parameters

Reviewer: Use active voice.
```suggestion
GetBGPRoutes          Retrieves routes from BGP Control Plane RIB filtered by
                     parameters you specify
```

Author: done
